h2. Welcome to the home of Scribe, the simple OAuth Java lib!

h1. Why use Scribe?

h3. Dead Simple 

Who said OAuth was difficult? Configuring scribe is __so easy your grandma can do it__! check it out:

@OAuthService service = new ServiceBuilder()@
                                  @.provider(LinkedInApi.class)@
                                  @.apiKey(YOUR_API_KEY)@
                                  @.apiSecret(YOUR_API_SECRET)@
                                  @.build();@
                                  
That **single line** (added newlines for readability) is the only thing you need to configure scribe with LinkedIn's OAuth API for example.

h3. Threadsafe

Hit Scribe as hard and with many threads as you like.

h3. Supports all major 1.0a and 2.0 OAuth APIs out-of-the-box

* Google

* Facebook

* Yahoo

* LinkedIn

* Twitter

* Foursquare

* Evernote

* Vimeo

* Yammer

* and many more! check the "examples folder":http://github.com/fernandezpablo85/scribe-java/tree/master/src/test/java/org/scribe/examples

h3. Small and modular

Scribe's code is small (about 1k LOC) and simple to understand. No smart-ass or "clever" hacks here.

h3. Android-Ready

Works out of the box with android(TM) applications.

h3. Stable & bulletproof

Good test coverage to keep you safe from harm. 

When something bad actually happens, Scribe's meaningful error messages will tell you exactly what went wrong, when and where.

h3. Pull it from Maven! (new)

You can pull scribe from a maven repository, just add this to your __pom.xml__ file:

@<dependency>@
  @<groupId>org.scribe</groupId>@
  @<artifactId>scribe</artifactId>@
  @<version>1.2.1</version>@
@</dependency>@

h1. Getting started in less than 2 minutes

Check the "Getting Started":http://wiki.github.com/fernandezpablo85/scribe-java/getting-started page and start rocking!

h1. Please Read the "FAQ":http://wiki.github.com/fernandezpablo85/scribe-java/faq before creating an issue :)

h1. About me

"LinkedIn profile":http://www.linkedin.com/in/fernandezpablo85

Email me: fernandezpablo85 at gmail.com

Follow me: "@fernandezpablo":http://twitter.com/fernandezpablo

h1. Token Refresh
Follow me: "@Aaron_Foltz":http://twitter.com/Aaron_Foltz
h2. Use
	
h3. Gather the full response of the access token
	String fullResponse = accessToken.getRawResponse();
	logger.debug("[Raw Response] : " + fullResponse);

h3. Strip out the oauth_session_handle
	// Gather the indices of the session handle
	int startIndex = fullResponse.indexOf("&oauth_session_handle=");
	int endIndex = fullResponse.indexOf(
			"&oauth_authorization_expires_in", startIndex);

	String oauthSessionHandle = fullResponse.substring(
			startIndex + 22, endIndex);
	logger.debug("[Session handle] :" + oauthSessionHandle);
